Add Reactive migration guides (#6653)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/65 Migrate from DevExtreme Reactive/20 Themes.md

DevExtreme Reactive supported Material-UI, Bootstrap 3 and 4 themes.

> DevExtreme React includes [built-in themes](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/): Generic, Material, and Fluent. To minimize migration efforts, you can just switch to one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DevExtreme React includes [built-in themes](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/): Generic, Material, and Fluent. To simplify migration, you can switch to one of them.
```

> If our built-in themes do not meet your requirement, you need to use our [ThemeBuilder](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/ThemeBuilder/#Get_Started/Create_a_New_Theme) tool to create a custom theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If our built-in themes do not meet your requirements, you can use our [ThemeBuilder](/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/ThemeBuilder/#Get_Started/Create_a_New_Theme) tool to create a custom theme.
```
